Docs for automatic compaction (#12569)
apache/druid: docs/configuration/index.md

}
```

> Compaction tasks fail when higher priority tasks cause Druid to revoke their locks. By default, realtime tasks like ingestion have a higher priority than compaction tasks. Therefore frequent conflicts between compaction tasks and realtime tasks can cause the Coordinator's automatic compaction to get stuck.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compaction tasks fail when higher priority tasks cause Druid to revoke their locks. By default, realtime tasks like ingestion have a higher priority than compaction tasks. Frequent conflicts between compaction tasks and realtime tasks can cause the Coordinator's automatic compaction to hang.
```
If you keep "Therefore" I think it needs a comma, but I think it reads OK without it.

You may see this issue with streaming ingestion from Kafka and Kinesis, which ingest late-arriving data.

> To mitigate this problem, set `skipOffsetFromLatest` to a value large enough so that arriving data tends to fall outside the offset value from the current time. This way you can avoid conflicts between compaction tasks and realtime ingestion tasks.

Reviewer: Do we need an example here? There is one in the Avoid conflicts section, but might help illustrate here.

Author: ```suggestion
To mitigate this problem, set `skipOffsetFromLatest` to a value large enough so that arriving data tends to fall outside the offset value from the current time. This way you can avoid conflicts between compaction tasks and realtime ingestion tasks.
For example, if you want to skip over segments from thirty days prior to the end time of the most recent segment, assign `"skipOffsetFromLatest": "P30D"`.
```
